[docs] Add deployment docs (#98)
flink-extended/ai-flow: docs/content/deployment/deploying_aiflow_server.md

# Deploying AIFlow Server

In this guide, we demonstrate how to deploy an AIFlow server.

```{note}
If you use Airflow as the scheduler, the AIFlow server should run on the same machine with the Airflow

> Scheduler, as they rely on the filesystem to submit workflows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scheduler, because the Airflow should schedule the workflowing by reading the dag file which is downloaded by AIFlowServer.
```

Author: fixed in 1dceb03

```

## Starting an AIFlow server

In this section, we will show you how to use the default configuration to start an AIFlow server.

> ### Generate default configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Initialize AIFlow environment
```

> To generate the default configuration of AIFlow server, you can run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To intialzie the environment of AIFlow server and generate the default configuration, you can run the following command:
```

```bash
init-aiflow-env.sh
```

This command will generate the [default configuration](default_aiflow_server_config) file `aiflow_server.yaml` in

> the `$AIFLOW_HOME` directory or `$HOME/aiflow` directory if `$AIFLOW_HOME` is not set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the `$AIFLOW_HOME` directory(default is `$USER_HOME/aiflow`).
```

```{note}

> If the config file already exist, the script will not overwrite the config. If you intend to overwrite 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the config file already exists, the script will not overwrite the config. If you intend to overwrite 
```

> you existing config, you need to remove it manually and then run the script again.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
your existing config, you need to remove it manually and then run the script again.
```

```

You can refer to [here](configuration) if you want to learn all the configuration you can change.

> ### Start the aiflow server

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Start the AIFlow server
```

```{note}
AIFlow server requires notification server to work. Please make sure you have 
[deployed a notification server](./notification_server.md) and configure the notification uri in the AIFlow server 
config file accordingly. 
```

> You can start the aiflow server with the following command.

Reviewer 2: We'd better replace all `aiflow` with `AIFlow`

Author: Fixed in dac6d46

```bash
start-aiflow.sh
```

> It will start the AIFlow server and AIFlow web server in background processes. You can check the log at

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It will start the AIFlow server and AIFlow web server. You can check the log at
```

> `$AIFLOW_HOME/logs` or `$HOME/aiflow/logs` directory. The pid of the background process is stored at 

Reviewer: It's recommended to tell the use which the log file is of the AIFlow server or webserver.

`$AIFLOW_HOME` or `$HOME/aiflow/logs` directory. 

> The AIFlow web server listen on port 8000 by default. If you didn't change the port in the configuration you can visit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The AIFlow web server listens on port 8000 by default. If you use the port of the default configuration you can visit
```

### AIFlow server

|Key|Type|Default|Description|
|---|---|---|---|
|server_port|Integer|50051|The port where the AIFlow server is exposed.|
|db_uri|String|sqlite:///${AIFLOW_HOME}/aiflow.db|The uri of the database backend for AIFlow server.|
|db_type|String|SQL_LITE|The type of the database backend for AIFlow server. It can be SQL_LITE, MYSQL, MONGODB.|
|notification_server_uri|String|127.0.0.1:50052|The uri of the notification server that the AIFlow server connect to.|
|start_meta_service|Boolean|True|Whether to start the metadata service in AIFlow server.|
|start_model_center_service|Boolean|True|Whether to start the model center service in AIFlow server.|
|start_metric_service|Boolean|True|Whether to start the metric service in AIFlow server.|
|start_scheduler_service|Boolean|True|Whether to start the scheduler service in AIFlow server.|
|scheduler_service|Dict| |The configuration of the [Scheduler Service](scheduler_service).|
|web_server|Dict| |The configuration of the [AIFlow Web Server](aiflow_web_server). |

(scheduler_service)=

### Scheduler Service

|Key|Type|Default|Description|
|---|---|---|---|

> |scheduler|Dict| |The configuration of the [Scheduler](scheduler).|

Reviewer: In the configuration of the Scheduler Service, the `repository` configuration is needed to introduce.
